So let's talk about some additional resources that I regularly use to learn Python that I've used over
the years and I really you know find them great.
The first thing is the Python documentation that really should be a top bookmark for Python It certainly
is mine.
You know all the information you could possibly want about Python in the standard library is there.
Sometimes you can find you know maybe clear explanation somewhere else but usually that's the place
to start looking when are looking at anything that you want to know about Python.
So that's located at duckster Python dot org.
Now don't forget to make sure that you're looking at your version of Python right.
If you're running let's say 3.5.
First of all please run 3.6 or above.
That's you know really we're almost at 3.7 and three point six point four is the current version.
So that's what you want to be looking at.
Make sure that you change whenever you link to these pages if you've done that so Google search it may
actually link you to a version to documentation you want to make sure that you change that to version
3 and specifically to your version as well that you're currently using.
So make sure that you get that right.
Otherwise you could run into trouble the library reference is basically all the standard library stuff
is.
So all these things that we did for example in the school so far are like name topples that's in there.
And then you have the language reference as well.
So you also have the Pep's now the perps are called are just schul for Python enhancement proposals
and they're a fantastic resource to understand how certain things work in Python and why they were implemented
in a certain way.
These Pep's don't actually all make it into Python.
Some are rejected some are deferred some are even withdrawn after a while by the original authors.
But reading the Pep's that have been rejected is actually also really useful because it helps you start
to think about maybe a certain feature in the language that you were thinking Well I'd be nice if we
had that.
And there's a pebble on it then you can read it and if it was withdrawn or if it was rejected you can
actually understand why it was rejected.
A lot of thought goes into these Pep's a lot of people work on them.
A lot of intelligent highly intelligent people even the ones that are rejected you can gain a lot of
information and insights from.
So I love reading those as well.
So for example you know if you're looking at a tablet say Pepp 274 for dictionary comprehensions what
you're going to be interested in is knowing the status you know.
Final for example means OK it was except it was finalized and then the Python version is the version
in which that Pep was actually implemented.
If this was let's say a you know the type is the standard Strat you have other types as well.
And I like language features like this one.
Or it could be informational only.
It depends so the index page for that is on Python that all is well under dev slash Pep's and they have
also a meta index that groups that by for example you know language features or informational things
like that.
You can also just search on that page for the term that you're interested in.
Maybe you're searching for dictionaries.
So just do a search you know using a browser to search on that page.
And sometimes just a simple web search in Google like Python Pepp style guide will take you directly
to the pet.
So you've got different ways of searching for information some notable ones that I think you should
look at is for example pep 8.
I think that's a really fundamental one.
It's a style guide and it provides kind of idiomatic Python.
It shows you the kind of the do's and don'ts of certain things.
It explains why certain styles should be used you know.
So it's really good to read obviously as they themselves say you don't have to follow this blindly.
You have to use your judgment as well but in general you tend to follow the guide.
It's got some good ideas in there and it basically in many cases not to do so.
The other one is pepped 20 I really like that one that's called the Zen of Python.
I don't want to get philosophical here but what you can do is well just go into your put a notebook
or go into a python console interactive console and just type import this right and see what you get.
You'll get the Zen of Python that will show up.
They are the one that's really interesting.
Right now I think is Taipans pet 484.
And I think there's some follow up ones as well that you can search for that talks about type hinting.
Remember that Python is dynamic.
We don't have static typing but type Hince kind of gets us pound of the way there where we can check
for Taiping Consistency's but it doesn't actually affect the language itself.
The language still remains dynamically typed but Taipans will show you some of the ideas behind type
hinting and some of the kind of the discussions about static vs. dynamic typing as well.
So a really interesting read.
And then you have these release.
For example pep 4 6 8 is the 3.6 release schedule.
5:37 is the 3.7 release schedule which you always got to come up soon you know or whatever you're interested
you know whatever released you're particularly interested in.
What's nice about that it kind of tells you also the Pep's that are relevant to the release and they
give a little you know the link so you can link out and read about you know what features are being
implemented and so on.
In that particular release and there's many many more depending on what topic you're interested in.
Just you know hundreds and hundreds of those that you can search through and read up on Wikipedia.
Don't forget Wikipedia.
Now I don't go to Wikipedia for Python stuff specifically but for general computer science concepts
that's where I would go you know if I want for example to look up something about hash tables then I
can go in here and find out about more about hash tables or maybe it's binary trees or it's you know
search algorithms what you know what have you.
Usually all that information is in there and it's really well written.
So we're looking at that.
Books.
Books is another one that I use a lot of and I use printed books I know that most of these books you
can get you know an ebook format.
I tend to prefer the paper version I can carry that around with me and just leaf through it it all from
time to time without necessarily looking for something specific in the book and I found that to be a
really good way to learn Python as well.
I'll just take those books and some of them are pretty thick and I'll just randomly open it and start
reading.
So these are my favorite specific Python specific go to books.
I'm not going to list them in any particular order of importance.
I like all of them.
So learning Python by Mark Lutz is a really good book.
It's both an introductory book and an advance book.
It's a pretty thick volume of walk right there and it takes you know a while to read it.
And but it's really good because it starts at the beginning so if you're a beginner in Python you can
actually use this book right away and then it just gradually you know transitions you into the more
intermediate and then the advanced stuff in Python.
So that's a really good book.
The next one that I really like is called fluent Python.
That's by Luciano Ramil hall.
Hopefully I'm pronouncing his name correctly but that's a really really good Python book.
It's more advanced or purer.
You know if you don't know anything about Python This is probably not where you want to start.
You'll want to know more about Python first and then get into this book.
The next one is called a cookbook.
It's a Python Cookbook by David Beazeley and Brian Jones.
And that's really good for showing you how to solve very specific problems.
And usually it's quite short on you know problems to look at the the solution is quite short but it's
really well explained and it covers a lot of different topics and you actually also learn a lot because
by solving may or may be a particular problem in the cookbook and understanding how they've solved that
problem you've not opened up your repertoire of coding to be able to solve related problems in a similar
way.
And then I really like this one as well effective Python by Bretts LAPKIN.
It basically talks about you know idiomatic Python it talks about how you should write things in Python
in order to you know be Pythonic and to write better Python code.
So again these are fairly short and very specific items.
But it's it's really a good read it's not a very thick book.
You know you can read through the book very quickly of course to actually understand and implement everything
will take just practice you know and I keep going back to this book again and again and again and you
know and then I see something like Oh yeah that's right.
This works better.
And I haven't been doing that.
And then I'll try.
And you don't correct my mistake and use these kinds of techniques moving forward.
So really good book as well.
And then we have also Python in a nutshell.
I use that one as a reference book.
It's it's more than just a reference book.
It also really explains things very well it was written by Alex Martelli and Ravenscroft and Steve Holden
and the they're really good authors and the content in this book is condensed but it's really good as
well.
And I use that one you know all the time.
So other online resources are regularly used.
I do have a lot of online resources I use.
One of the kind of ones that I look at daily is Raymond heading his Twitter feed and he's one of the
core developers on Python.
He's the one actually who implemented the latest implementation of dictionaries and Python 3:6 and there's
some YouTube videos by him where he actually explains that.
And I will.
I am planning on developing a video later on in the course that will actually take that content and
then put it into the schools and you know probably go into a little more detail and more explanation
on some of the stuff.
But if you look at his Twitter feed and Raymond H.
That's just awesome stuff.
I mean for example he here's one of his more recent tweets how you can transpose data section you got
a matrix rank you've got a list of tuples and you want to transpose that if you do walk with matrices
you often have to transpose.
And I know that you are thinking well non-pilot sure but if you're not using non-pay you don't want
to use an umpire.
Well here's how you can transpose your matrix essentially using a single statement list the zip star.
And at this point actually you know if you've done my course so far you should be able to understand
what this does and how it works.
But those are the kind of nuggets that you get out of that feed.
So really awesome feat.
I really love it.
You've got YouTube of course there's lots of great video content on our Python on YouTube.
In particular the ones that I look out for are like the python videos.
These are usually really good anything by GVR.
Ben Rosten Guido van Rossum.
He's the originator of Python.
Raymond head injury or Hettinger sorry who is also you know one of the core developers in Python as
well as Alex Materi who's also one of the core developers.
They really have you know great videos on YouTube.
Many of them actually all through python so go ahead and do a search.
And of course there's a ton more.
There are some good some not so good.
And you know probably any library you're interested in so if you're interested in flask you're going
to find some videos on that are you know doing your know redtape eyes or using the requests library.
You know third party libraries.
You'll get a lot of videos on those things too.
Then this one I go to occasionally plan the python blog.
That's pretty good.
There's a different blog posts on there which are sometimes really really interesting so I use that
one as well and then stack overflow cause you know this wouldn't be complete without mentioning stack
overflow.
Lot of questions that are answered there.
And before you ask a question on Stack Overflow sort for you or your question the odds are you know
probably 90 percent that what you're asking has already been answered by somebody.
And if you ask a question that's already been answered you're going to take some heat for that.
So first check to make sure it's been answered.
You want to make sure it hasn't been answered before you ask your question.
So that's located at Stack Overflow dot com.
And of course Google searches I use that all the time.
I'll type in a particular topic that I want and I'll see what comes back.
And usually I'll start focusing on links that come back linking to the Python documentation to the Papps
to stack overflow things like that or two blogs that I've seen before and where I know that the quality
is good.
So lots of other online resources that you can use.
And of course you have you know your Demy for example that has also courses in various on various topics
and Python and and general computer science as well as well as some other platforms.